[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
[VEGETA grunts] How long am I
expected to watch this?
I don't care!
I'm not here for this!
That's right;
these fools don't interest me.
You're what I'm
in this for, Kakarot!
[DABURA chuckles]
[NARRATOR] After sensing the
dormant evil in Vegeta's heart,
Dabura abandoned
his fight with Gohan
to report back
to his master Babidi,
who wasted no time in putting
this information to use.
[yells in agony]
[GOKU]
Vegeta!
This is Babidi's magic!
You have to quiet your heart!
[NARRATOR] As part of his bid
to revive Majin Buu,
Babidi has ensnared the mighty
Vegeta with his wizardry
and turned him
against his allies.
[ALL gasp]
[BABIDI] Welcome to the family!
You make a fine addition.
Ha ha!
Now, why don't we put you
in a proper fighting venue?
[laughs]
[VEGETA]
Hm!
[NARRATOR] With the evil
in his heart fully awakened,
Vegeta has set his sights
squarely on Goku!
Will the Dark Prince
finally get the rematch
he's desired for so long?
Find out, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
Uh.
[VEGETA chuckles]
Don't do it!
[VEGETA laughs]
No!
--[VEGETA grunts]
--[GOKU] Vegeta!
[GOKU grunts]
[yells]
[GOKU yells]
[GOKU]
Look out!
The audience!
[ALL gasp]
[CROWD screaming]
What's wrong with you, Vegeta?
Why would you do this?
What the--?
His energy has changed.
It's never felt
this destructive before!
[GOKU]
Vegeta!
[chuckles]
[BABIDI laughs]
Very good, Vegeta! You're off
to an excellent start!
[CROWD yells]
[stammers]
[CROWD screams]
Have you gone nuts?
You killed them all!
Heh.
So what's your
master plan, sir?
Wha--? I didn't
sign up for any of this!
[MAN 23B]
Please save us, Mr. Satan!
No one else can
save us! Only you!
[MEN]
Yeah man! Get em!
Don't forget, sir.
You're their champion!
Huh?!
[MR. SATAN] That's right.
I'm a hero to all these folks!
No matter what,
I can't turn tail and run!
You are so
going down! Y'hear me?
If you think you can
blow in here
and kill innocent people
on my watch,
you're in for
a rude awakening, pal!
Get ready! 'Cause school's
about to be in session!
[chuckles]
I'm gonna put the hurt...
on... you.
Yeah, I'm gonna--
How're you gonna do that?
Huh? Like this!
[laughs]
I didn't mean that
"taking you to school" stuff!
But seriously, blasting the fans
is not how we do things here!
So, you two duke it out,
and whoever wins gets
a special match with yours--
Enough!
Kakarot, will you fight?
[BOTH gasp]
I wouldn't try
to get out of it.
Not unless you want me
upping the body-count
by a few hundred more.
Vegeta, tell me it isn't true.
You let Babidi's spell
take control of you, didn't you?
[BOTH gasp]
No way!
[laughs]
Stop laughing! Answer me!
[sighs]
No!
[ALL yell]
[chuckles]
[CROWD screams]
[grunts]
Stand down, Vegeta!
This isn't you!
[VEGETA]
Ah! Silence!
[GOHAN groans]
Don't you dare interfere!
This fight is between
me and Kakarot!
So be it.
But I won't hold back!
[grunts]
[laughs]
[SUPREME KAI]
No, Goku. You mustn't do this!
If you fight him here and now,
you're giving Babidi
exactly what he wants!
The energy you expend during
the battle will be absorbed,
and then Majin Buu
is sure to be set free!
[GOKU]
Vegeta, you let this happen.
When Badidi cast his spell,
you surrendered,
because doing something like
this would make me fight you.
It's true, isn't it?
Isn't it?!
Wait! He did what?
If I hadn't gone
to these lengths,
we wouldn't be about to fight.
I had one day--one measly day
in which to beat you--
and I wasn't going to waste it
standing around on that ship!
That was your reasoning?
You killed countless
innocents to try and repair
your foolish pride?
[growls]
My foolish pride?
To a Saiyan, pride is all!
I don't give a damn
about Majin Buu!
All I want is my fight
with Kakarot! Here and now.
I will emerge as the victor
once and for all!
There's no reason
he ever should've bested me!
He and I are both Saiyans!
I was royalty among our people!
I was a prince!
Yet he prevailed!
He-- He even had the impudence
to save my life before!
And that is an indignity...
...I cannot bear!
Babidi!
Move us to someplace
where there is no one around!
I'll give Vegeta the fight
he wants, but not here!
[chuckles]
[BABIDI laughs]
Our little plan
worked like a charm!
Stand down!
I will not be party
to this foolishness!
If you want to fight him,
you'll have to get through me!
[dramatic music plays]
[SUPREME KAI gasps]
[gasps]
Dad, no!
[SUPREME KAI] I understand now.
Do as you will.
[GOKU]
Supreme Kai. I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
That's it! There's no one
left to stop them!
[laughs]
In your face, Supreme Kai!
Majin Buu's revival is assured.
It's only a matter of time.
Mmm! All righty then.
Guess you can fight
somewhere else!
Papparapapa!
[ANNOUNCER] Huh? Wha--?
They just vanished!
You have any idea
where they could have
disappeared to, Mr. Satan?
[laughs]
Man, of all the luck!
I was gonna teach
those jokers a lesson
about trashing
my tournament! Dang!
Uh, yeah. That aside,
what are we gonna do
about the awards ceremony?
Hmm. Whaddya think?
We don't have any TV coverage,
and our fans just
ran for the hills.
I think maybe we should
just call it a day.
Well, then--I guess our work
is done for this year.
[MR. SATAN]
Mmm.
It's too bad we couldn't give
something to the runner-up.
What? Runner-up?
Yeah. Number 18--
the girl you hit
with your delayed-reaction punch
when the battle royale
was just down to you two.
Why, she's not here, is she?
[A18]
Hmph!
Oh! Eighteen!
Well, she was no match
for me in the long run,
but she put up a pretty good
fight for a second. Ngh!
Sure, of course
she deserves a prize!
Maybe she can
pick it up tomorrow!
[laughs]
[CHICHI] What is going on
inside Vegeta's head today?
First he blasts part of
the arena to smithereens,
and then he just
vanishes like that?
If my Goten is buried
under all this rubble,
I'm giving that man
a talking-to!
Oh, Vegeta.
What has happened to you?
[GOTEN] I wonder
what this Buu guy is like.
D'you think he's strong?
I just hope our dads
don't defeat him
while we're still
flying over there.
Huh? Don't say that!
Don't freak out.
I'm not saying it happened--
I'm just saying it could.
Between my dad
and your dad and Gohan,
maybe they already
wiped the floor with this guy.
Aw, no fair, Trunks!
That's no fun at all!
I really wanna see Majin Buu!
All right!
If that's how you feel,
then what're we
waiting for? C'mon!
[GOTEN]
Right!
This is more
to your liking, I trust?
Yeah.
Dad, you can't do this!
[SUPREME KAI]
Leave them be.
There's nothing we can do
to prevent this fight.
Go ahead and grant Vegeta
the rematch he so longs for.
Gohan and I will smash our
way back into the ship,
fight until we've reached
the control room,
and take on Babidi and Dabura.
At this point, I'm assuming
that Majin Buu's revival
is a foregone conclusion.
Given the choices at hand,
it's better we deal
with Majin Buu like this
before he absorbs
your fighting energy
and hits full power.
If luck is on our side,
we can dispatch the wizard
before Majin Buu revives
in the first place.
Oh, really?
[laughs]
Your luck's about to run out!
Hey, Vegeta!
This is your master.
Kill the two of them
for me! Do it now!
[groans]
Vegeta.
What're you waiting for?
Kill those meddlers!
That's an order!
[groans]
[yells]
Babidi's magic at work!
[gasps]
[BABIDI]
Yes! Do it now! Kill them all!
[yells]
[BABIDI] Stop writhing
on the ground and do it!
Hell no!
--[BABIDI] What?
--[DABURA] Huh?
Those two can do what they want.
As long as they don't
interfere with my fight.
[BABIDI] I am only going to
say this one more time!
Vegeta, take care of the Supreme
Kai for me; that's an order!
[grunts]
That's it! Good boy!
[VEGETA] And I'm going to
say this one more time!
Fighting Kakarot's
all I care about!
I am not some weakling
to be ordered around!
I am a Saiyan!
Don't mistake me for another
one of your servants!
There is a part of me
that you will never control!
I carry within me
the pride of a prince!
[yells]
I--I've never had one
disobey before!
Can you imagine the fullness
of his ego, Dabura?
Hmmm. It makes little
difference, Master.
He is a tool. So long as he
provokes the energy out of them,
let him cling to his
petty sense of pride.
Allow the Supreme Kai
attempt to confront you.
When he arrives,
I will be here to destroy him.
This is what
you wanted, was it not?
To watch him die
before your very eyes?
This is unbelievable!
To think that one of Babidi's
thralls could possess
enough willpower
to be able to resist him!
If you fought that off,
you must wanna
settle the score
pretty badly. Right, Vegeta?
[VEGETA]
Hm!
[DABURA] Master, would it not be
better for us to open the door
and let the Supreme Kai
come straight to us?
If he were to force his way in,
the power he expends
could revive Majin Buu
before he's at full strength,
and that would be a tragic waste
of the creature's potential.
Good thinking.
Very well. Let him inside.
[GOHAN]
Wait, he opened the hatch?
[SUPREME KAI] I guess he didn't
want us wrecking his spaceship.
All right then, Dad.
We're heading in.
Hm! Show 'em who's boss.
Oh, before I forget.
I have two senzu beans left.
They're from that batch we got
to patch up your girlfriend.
Eat one before you leave.
You used up a lot of energy
fighting Dabura, didn't you?
Thanks a lot, Dad.
Listen to me, son.
When you make it to Babidi,
I want you to remember
your fight with Cell
and be sure to get
just as angry
as you were that day.
Get angry?
When you're mad, there's
no one in the whole universe
who's stronger than you.
I know you can do this.
Right. And that's great an' all,
but I'm really sorry
that you're having
to spend your one day
back on Earth like this, Dad.
[GOHAN]
Let's do this.
Sorry for the delay.
It's quite all right, Kakarot.
I've waited so long. But now
the moment has arrived!
I don't want any damage
I take from you
to help Majin Buu
awaken again. Got it?
So I'm gonna hit you hard
right from the start
and get this over with.
Fine by me. Let's see
the results of your training
in Otherworld, Kakarot.
[bellows]
Impressive.
You're stronger than
Gohan was against Cell.
[bellows]
So maybe this fight
isn't going to be
quite as easy as I thought.
I'm ready! And this time,
you're going to die!
[NARRATOR] Goku's resolve has
overwhelmed the Supreme Kai.
Vegeta's pride has deflected
Babidi's commands.
Clearly, there's no keeping
a Saiyan from a good fight!
Now, Goku and Vegeta
are headed into a showdown
no force on Earth
is powerful enough to stop!
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
We're settling this
right here and now, Vegeta!
Gohan, you and
the Supreme Kai need to
get to where Babidi's waiting,
no matter what!
[BABIDI laughs]
Majin Buu will return!
It's only a matter of time now!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Don't worry, Dad.
Let me take it from here!